Add in `pepembed` README (#24)
pepkit/pepspec: docs/pepembed/README.md

# pepembed

## Overview

> Command line interface and python package for computing text-embeddings of sample metadata stored in [pephub](https://github.com/pepkit/pephub) for search-and-retrieval tasks. The purpose of this package is to handle the long-running job of downloading projects inside pephub, mining any relevant metadata from them, and then computing a rich text embedding on that data and upserting it into a vector database. We use [qdrant](https://qdrant.tech/) as our vector database for its performance and simplicity and payload capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PEPembed is a Python package for computing text-embeddings of sample metadata stored in [pephub](https://github.com/pepkit/pephub) for search-and-retrieval tasks. It provides both a CLI and a Python API. It handles the long-running job of downloading projects inside pephub, mining any relevant metadata from them, computing a rich text embedding on that data, and finally upserting it into a vector database. We use [qdrant](https://qdrant.tech/) as our vector database for its performance and simplicity and payload capabilities.
```

    width="400px"
  />
</p>

**3. Compute embeddings:**  
Once the pseudo-descriptions are mined, we can then utilize a `sentence-transformer` to generate low-dimensional representations of these descriptions. By defauly, we use a [state-of-the-art transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/1908.10084) trained for the semantic textual similarity task (*Reimers & Gurevych, 2019*). The embeddings are linked back to the original PEP registry path, along with other information like the mined pseudo-description and the row id in the database.

**4. Insert Embeddings:**  
Finally, we insert the embeddings into a [qdrant](https://qdrant.tech/) instance. qdrant is a **vector database** that is designed to store embeddings as first-class data types as well as supporting native graph-based indexing of these embeddings. The allows for near-instant search and retrieval of nearest embeddings neighbors given a new embedding (say an encoded search query on a web application). qdrant supports arming the embeddings with a [**payload**](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/payload/) where we store basic information on that PEP like registry path, row id, and its description.

## Install and Run

> While simple to install and run, `pepembed` requires lots of information to function. There are three key aspects: 1) The pephub instance, 2) the qdrant instance, and 3) the keywords. Ensure the following before running the `cli`:

Reviewer: I think generally you want an empty line after a header in markdown

* `QDRANT_HOST`
* `QDRANT_PORT`
* `QDRANT_API_KEY`
* `QDRANT_COLLECTION_NAME`

*Unless you are running this for production, you most likely do not need to specify any of these.*

**3. Keywords:**  
Finally, we need a keywords file. This is technically optional, and `pepembed` comes with [default keywords](pepembed/const.py), but you may supply your own as a plain text file. This can be supplied only as command-line args:
* `KEYWORDS_FILE`

There are many other options as well (like specifying the transformer model to use), but the defaults work great for a first try. Use `pepembed --help` to see all options. If you are like me, and like to keep your secrets in a `.env` file, you can export them easily to the environment with `export $(cat .env | xargs)`

### Install

Clone this repository and install with `pip`:

```console
pip install .
```

### Run

```console
pepembed \
  --keywords-file keywords.txt \
  --postgres-host $POSTGRES_HOST \
  --postgres-user $POSTGRES_USER \
  --postgres-password $POSTGRES_PASSWORD \
  --postgres-db $POSTGRES_DB \

> ```

Reviewer: what is `pepquery` referenced in the image?

Author: It _was_ an imagined microservice that converts text to embeddings...

But now that's just pephub. So I can change that

Author: That image is a `png` for some reason, so I need to change it to SVG and edit it to change that
